Add FIPs 140-3 link (#201)
rancher/rke2-product-docs: versions/latest/modules/en/pages/security/fips3_support.adoc

= FIPS 140-3 Enablement
:page-languages: [en, zh]
:revdate: 2026-07-08
:page-revdate: {revdate}

FIPS 140-3 is a U.S. Federal Government security standard used to approve cryptographic modules. This document explains how RKE2 is built with FIPS validated cryptographic libraries.

> Verification of compliance is avaliable in: xref:attachment$RKE2_FIPS3_Verified.pdf[FIPS 140-3 Verifed] and the cryptographic module validation can be found in this https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/certificate/4968[link] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verification of compliance is available in xref:attachment$RKE2_FIPS3_Verified.pdf[RKE2 FIPS 140-3 Verified] and the cryptographic module validation can be found in this https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/certificate/4968[Cryptographic Module Validation Program (CMVP) certificate].
```

Author: thanks

> Verification of compliance is available in xref:attachment$RKE2_FIPS3_Verified.pdf[RKE2 FIPS 140-3 Verified] and the cryptographic module validation can be found in this https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/certificate/4968[Cryptographic Module Validation Program (CMVP) certificate] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verification of compliance is available in xref:attachment$RKE2_FIPS3_Verified.pdf[RKE2 FIPS 140-3 Verified] and the cryptographic module validation can be found in this https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/certificate/4968[Cryptographic Module Validation Program (CMVP) certificate].
```

Author: thanks
